Notes translating Animega-is:

Replay - should ideally be "Engång till" in Swedish, but too long. Could we do with just "Igen"? Otherwise "Upprepa" (for repeat)?
In the Windows version this is Replay/Scene and Replay/Speech (two lines) repectively, but perhaps a problem with space for the Speech button in iOS? Should we harmonize this?

In the Windows version the headings for the level and task selection screens are: 
Create/Test - Select level and e.g.  Create/Test - Level 2 - Select task   (and corresponding for Swedish)
In the iOS version it is just Create/Test and e.g. Create/Test - Level 2
We should complement the iOS version headings as of the Windows version, which is closer to the specification document (which actually says Select level and Choose task, but Select task is probably better).

A minor bug (Windows): With TouchExit activated - If i start the touch event in the very top region of the window to the right of the Back button, and then exit on the Back button, nothing happens.
If I start the touch event below the Back button and exit on the Back button, then it works as intended.



Missing strings for translation in my Windows T_sv:

In Teacher mode:
User management:
Edit Profile (menu item)
Change Student
Create New Student
Edit Profile (dialog heading)
Select profile (in Change Student dialog)
Select (in Change Student dialog)

In the Teacher Test tab:
Select teacher test type
Pre-test
Post-test
Pre-test-info
Post-test-info
Teacher-test-info1
Teacher-test-info2
Teacher-test-info3

In the Feedback & presentation tab:
English
Swedish
Norwegian

In the Access tab:
Touch (dop-down)
Switch (dop-down)
Touch Enter (dop-down)
Touch Exit (dop-down)
Note: No selections of Hold time etc are now taking effect and settings selections are emptied in the Tab after returning from Student mode!?

In the Select Tasks tab:
Back (the top Back button)

In Student mode:
Go to Teacher mode
Back (no Back buttons are translatedeven though one string has been translated (<string>&lt;&lt; Back</string>)
In the Animation page the Back, Replay Scene and Replay Speech buttons are strangely enough not translated, even though these text strings have been translated in the T.sv file?